[ZT] Gateway ESNI and ECH (#6446)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/http-policies/tls-decryption.md

Gateway does not support TLS decryption for applications which use:

- [Embedded certificates](#incompatible-certificates)
- [Self-signed certificates](#incompatible-certificates)
- [Mutual TLS (mTLS) authentication](#incompatible-certificates)
- [ESNI and ECH handshake encryption](#esni-and-ech)

### Incompatible certificates

Applications that use embedded certificates and mTLS authentication do not trust the Cloudflare certificate. For example, the vast majority of mobile applications use embedded certificates. Conversely, Cloudflare does not trust applications that use self-signed certificates instead of certificates signed by a public CA.

> If you try to perform TLS decryption, these applications may not load or may return an error. You can resolve the issue by [adding the Cloudflare certificate to the application](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/install-cloudflare-cert/#add-the-certificate-to-applications)(if supported by the application) or by [exempting] the application from TLS decryption.

Reviewer: Is the [exempting] supposed to link out somewhere?

> If you try to perform TLS decryption, these applications may not load or may return an error. You can resolve the issue by [adding the Cloudflare certificate to the application](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/install-cloudflare-cert/#add-the-certificate-to-applications)(if supported by the application) or by [exempting] the application from TLS decryption.

Author: ```suggestion
If you try to perform TLS decryption, these applications may not load or may return an error. You can resolve the issue by [adding the Cloudflare certificate to the application](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/install-cloudflare-cert/#add-the-certificate-to-applications)(if supported by the application) or by exempting the application from TLS decryption.
```

> To bypass TLS decryption, add a [Do Not Inspect](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/http-policies/#do-not-inspect) HTTP policy for the application or domain. The HTTP policy builder provides a [list of trusted applications](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/initial-setup/http/#bypass-inspection-for-incompatible-applications) that are known to use embedded certificates. When accessing a Do Not Inspect site in the browser, you will see a **Your connection is not private** warning which you can proceed through to connect.

Reviewer: comma before which or switch to use that

> To bypass TLS decryption, add a [Do Not Inspect](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/http-policies/#do-not-inspect) HTTP policy for the application or domain. The HTTP policy builder provides a [list of trusted applications](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/initial-setup/http/#bypass-inspection-for-incompatible-applications) that are known to use embedded certificates. When accessing a Do Not Inspect site in the browser, you will see a **Your connection is not private** warning which you can proceed through to connect.

Author: ```suggestion
To bypass TLS decryption, add a [Do Not Inspect](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/http-policies/#do-not-inspect) HTTP policy for the application or domain. The HTTP policy builder provides a [list of trusted applications](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/initial-setup/http/#bypass-inspection-for-incompatible-applications) that are known to use embedded certificates. When accessing a Do Not Inspect site in the browser, you will see a **Your connection is not private** warning, which you can proceed through to connect.
```

HTTPS traffic from `Do Not Inspect` applications will not be intercepted by Gateway or subject to your HTTP policies. You can, however, still apply [network policies](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/network-policies/) to these applications.

### ESNI and ECH

> Websites that adhere to [ESNI or ECH standards](https://blog.cloudflare.com/encrypted-client-hello/) encrypt the Server Name Indicator (SNI) during the TLS handshake. Since Gateway relies on the SNI to match an HTTP request to a policy, ESNI and ECH traffic is incompatible with HTTP inspection.

Author: ```suggestion
Websites that adhere to [ESNI or ECH standards](https://blog.cloudflare.com/encrypted-client-hello/) encrypt the Server Name Indicator (SNI) during the TLS handshake. These sites are incompatible with HTTP inspection because Gateway relies on the SNI to match an HTTP request to a policy.
```

> You can still apply all [network policy filters](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/network-policies/#selectors) expect for SNI and SNI Domain. To restrict ENSI and ECH traffic, an option is to filter out all port `80` and `443` traffic that does not include an SNI header.

Author: ```suggestion
You can still apply all [network policy filters](/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/network-policies/#selectors) except for SNI and SNI Domain. To restrict ENSI and ECH traffic, an option is to filter out all port `80` and `443` traffic that does not include an SNI header.
```
